CUMULUS-1657: Fix docs (#1364)
nasa/cumulus: docs/deployment/README.md

These steps should be executed in the `data-persistence-tf` directory of the template deploy repo that was cloned previously.

> Copy the [`terraform.tf.example`](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-template-deploy/blob/master/data-persistence-tf/terraform.tf.example) to `terraform.tf` file, substituting the appropriate values for `bucket`, `dynamodb_table`, and `PREFIX` (whatever prefix for your DAAC/organization you choose). This tells Terraform where to store its

Reviewer: DAAC feels superfluous here.       Personal preference, take or leave it. 

```suggestion
Copy the [`terraform.tf.example`](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus-template-deploy/blob/master/data-persistence-tf/terraform.tf.example) to `terraform.tf` file, substituting the appropriate values for `bucket`, `dynamodb_table`, and `PREFIX` (whatever prefix you've chose for your organization). This tells Terraform where to store its
```
